Update persistence.adoc (#1309)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/storage/pages/persistence.adoc

- **Cluster-wide shutdown**:

** **Planned**: A whole cluster is shut down and restarted with the same configuration, state, and data as before the restart. A planned shutdown includes rolling restarts, where the cluster is restarted member by member for scenarios such as installing an operating system patch or new hardware. xref:maintain-cluster:rolling-upgrades.adoc[Rolling upgrades] are an example of a rolling restart.

> ** **Unplanned**: A cluster is restarted after all its members crashed at the same time due an event such as a power outage. Note that some data loss is expected unless `fsync` is [set to `true`](https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/5.5/storage/configuring-persistence#data-structures).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** **Unplanned**: A cluster is restarted after all its members crash at the same time due an event such as a power outage. Note that some data loss is expected unless `fsync` is set to `true`. For more information, see xref:storage:configuring-persistence.adoc#data-structures[].
```
